(post) - 04/06/2020 IAC Blog Post (#73)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2020-06-05-status-update.md

---
layout: post

> title: "29th May 2020: IAC Team Status Update"

Reviewer: 5th June

author: david22swan
categories:
  - team
  - status

> tags:  

Reviewer: I think quite a few of the tags aren't relevant this week?

  - demos
  - docker
  - java
  - litmus
  - apt
  - kubernetes
  - apache
  - pdksync
  - provisioner
  - dsc
  - windows
  - community
  - modules
---

Greetings from the IAC Team - here's our status update for this week!

## Temporary Interuption to Test Infrastructure
Due to the AddTrust intermediate certificate expiring, all Github Actions tests that we are running to verify modules on commercially licensed and/or non-dockerizable OS, we were not running any releases this week. A support ticket with VMware has been raised as apparently changing certificate chains is not as straight-forward as one might expect. Big Thanks to the DIO team who is working tirelessly on this issue.

## Module Releases from IAC Team

> The release process for the following modules has been started and although we have had some issues, as was elaborated on above, we hope t get them out soon.

Reviewer: t -> to

- [puppetlabs/postgresql](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-postgresql) (6.6.0)
- [puppetlabs/ibm_installation_manager](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-ibm_installation_manager) (2.2.0)

## Community Contributions
The wonderful community members that continue to contribute to our modules have provided us with the following enhancements:
- **[`puppetlabs-java_ks#319`](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-java_ks/pull/319):** [tomkitchen](https://github.com/tomkitchen) a first time contributor has worked hard to add the ability to import a der formatted certificate file and it's corresponding key into a keystore. 

> Many thanks to [tomkitchen](https://github.com/tomkitchen) for the work that he has put n and we hope to see more in the future.

Reviewer: n -> in

## Ubuntu 20.04 Certification

> Over the last week or two [I](https://github.com/david22swan) have personally worked on adding support to all of our relevant modules with much of it having been completed. As of right now there are only a small handfull of modules that require some futher work in order for us to officialy declare that the support the new OS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Over the last week or two [I](https://github.com/david22swan) have personally worked on adding support to all of our relevant modules with much of it having been completed. As of right now there are only a small handful of modules that require some further work in order for us to officially declare that the support the new OS.
```

## New Litmus Github IO Page

> A new docs microsite containing all that we know about the excellent Litmus tool has been released just this week. This [site]({% link https://puppetlabs.github.io/litmus %}), created with care by the combined brilliance of our very own [David Schmidt](https://github.com/DavidS) and the docs teams star [Claire Cadman](https://github.com/clairecadman) will take you through everything you need to know about Litmus and help you get of the ground running with a mix of technical documentation and ste-by-step walkthroughs.

Reviewer: ste-by-step -> step-by-step

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new docs microsite containing all that we know about the excellent Litmus tool has been released just this week. This [site]({% link https://puppetlabs.github.io/litmus %}), created with care by the combined brilliance of our very own [David Schmidt](https://github.com/DavidS) and the docs teams star [Claire Cadman](https://github.com/clairecadman) will take you through everything you need to know about Litmus and help you get of the ground running with a mix of technical documentation and step-by-step walkthroughs.
```
